README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

feat: updated the story book design system with different components in sections

README.md, after:

# One For All UI

A Storybook-style design system that **collects fancy, interesting UI components** from different libraries around the web and organizes them into a searchable, route-based catalog.

## What this app is

- **1 component = 1 route** under `/components/[slug]`
- **Constants-driven data**: everything displayed is backed by a maintainable catalog generated from `component-list.md`
- **Command palette search**: press `Ctrl + K` to open the search modal and fuzzy-search by title/description

## Getting started

```bash
npm install
npm run generate:components
npm run dev
```

Open http://localhost:3000

## Updating the component catalog

1. Edit `component-list.md`
2. Regenerate the constants file:

```bash
npm run generate:components
```

This outputs `src/storybook/components.generated.ts` which powers routing + search.

## Notes on third‑party libraries

This project links out to upstream documentation/demo pages.
Local previews are implemented as a lightweight wrapper demo and do not copy third‑party component source code.
