revision.md, before:

# Component items thats being developed, but have fixing to fine tune it better.

General : Search Modal should have highest z index over every single element, now some images or draggable component can even on top of my search modal tho

1. Variable Proximity - has no effect at all on hover, supposingly when hover over the text, it will have effect on it.
2. Logo Loop - the logo can be swapped with the images provided in /public folder, framework images e.g. next, react, tailwind ady supported thr, can swap the imaegs in #demo-registry with the images instead of remote image.
3. Laser Flow - laser flow has totally no laser at all, just a black background with text, no effects and laser shown as expected
4. Ghost Cursor - ghost cursor also has totally no effect on hover over it
5. Click Spark - expected entire container able to click, but not sure why some of the place in that black container is not clickable, only certain position can click
6. Splash Cursor - i think ours looks too over, like emitting too much smokes, can u review how the official docs work, just follow theirs, ours looks like a bit overworking
7. Star Border - on hover no effect as well
8. Fluid Glass - this route crashed on navigating with error "Could not load /assets/3d/lens.glb: fetch for "http://localhost:3000/assets/3d/lens.glb" responded with 404: Not Found"
9. Masonry - the masonry gallery seems like missing some images, like only top part have images, suppose like how the usual gallery which will fill up with full of images
10. Modal Viewer - missing
11. Lanyard - refer to the official docs and ensure the images looks similar to theirs, cuz ours looks weird
12. Spotlight card - missing
13. Counter - ensure the counter is running the first time its visit, now its static when first time visiting it
14. Infinite Menu - refer to official docs and recreate the component
15. Prism - fetch docs and redo, as our prism is quite blur
16. Light Pillar - like their docs, i wan background got words and the pillar will be slanted to one side

Commit message:

fix: fixed the revision components based on comments

revision.md, after:

# Component items thats being developed, but have fixing to fine tune it better.

General : Search Modal should have highest z index over every single element, now some images or draggable component can even on top of my search modal tho

1. Variable Proximity - has no effect at all on hover, supposingly when hover over the text, it will have effect on it.

2. Laser Flow - laser flow has totally no laser at all, just a black background with text, no effects and laser shown as expected
3. Click Spark - expected entire container able to click, but it seems like cuz the area clickable is too small, just around the same row as the text causing the entire container looks not clickable

4. Fluid Glass - this route crashed on navigating with error "Could not load /assets/3d/lens.glb: fetch for "http://localhost:3000/assets/3d/lens.glb" responded with 404: Not Found"
5. Masonry - the masonry gallery seems like missing some images, like only top part have images, suppose like how the usual gallery which will fill up with full of images
6. Modal Viewer - missing
7. Spotlight card - missing
8. Counter - Counter and Number Counter seems mixing up, revise both components, now both returning same output tho
9. Infinite Menu - refer to official docs and recreate the component
10. Prism - fetch docs and redo, as our prism is quite blur
11. Light Pillar - like their docs, i wan background got words and the pillar will be slanted to one side
